>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
start with the list,
because it's going to be the easiest,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: In our
ProjectsListComponent.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What do
we need to render the list?
Projects, right?
So we do this via this input decorator.
Make sure that's imported.
Now, little caveat here is
decorators are functions.
And so make sure that you
close this with parentheses.
And we're just going to go projects.
We can even strongly type this if we want.
Remember we did this at workspace thing,
this is the alternate to that,
pretty ugly, right?
So let's go back here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Much better.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
now that we have an Input of projects, so
what we're saying is,
this is a property on this class,
that we are allowing external forces or
mechanisms to basically satisfy
this particular property.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
if we go to projectListComponent in here,
what we can do.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: How do we
dump something onto the stage?
Pre projects json}},
here we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So it's there, we are
binding to it, but there's no projects.
How do we get that in there?
>> Student: Is that it?
May sync, right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So you have two main
type of binding, property binding and
event binding.
And so this is where kind of everything
we've talked about is going to,
I feel like, come together.
So remember when I said,
I wanna do style.color?
And whenever that color change, so I could
have actually hooked this into a text box
that whenever I change it, it would
automatically update and change the color.
Well now, check this out.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's now saying,
this component has an input of projects.
Then I can go here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
we can go projects.
Now notice, this is an observable.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
I can unwrap it with the async pipe.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go back.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
notice now that we're passing that in.
But the beauty of it is that
this ProjectsListComponent
in here, it has no conception of
where that data is coming from.
It's ambivalent and
impervious to the implementation
details of where that's coming from.
It just knows,
I'll take whatever you give me.
And so you can pick this up and
move it in all sorts of places.
And as long as you match up to this
interface, it's totally fine, and
it's totally portable.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
projects, pretty good.
Let's also do.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm
gonna add one more input.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
we're just going to call this readonly.
For instance,
let's say you wanna show the list but
you don't wanna allow them to actually
delete it, you just wanna show the list.
Readonly, and
we're going to set this to false.
So by default this is not readonly, but
you could set to true and we'll see why.
So in our template let's go a head and
get rid of these comments here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna take these click events off
for just a moment.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And we'll go here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We can
probably get rid of this.
But what we do wanna do is.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here.
Instead of allowing it to delete, well,
we'll put all this up in a second, but
more so is we'll go ngif readonly.
And so now, if we refresh this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's not here.
Did I set this to true?
Let me just double check.
Or rather, not readonly, yeah.
Wait for it.
And so now we're showing it.
But if you wanted to pick this up and
first let's put it on to the home
component, then that may not be a place
where you want to allow them
to manipulate that collection.